what's up everybody it's chivi and today
I'm gonna be doing an anime review on
Garo oh I love that opening song a lot
more than I thought it would actually I
mean I listen to it again right before
this episode I was like damn it's
good I mean it's seriously
underrated for an opening Solomon
anyways this week's episode of garden we
changed the perspective from Leon and
Herman to over Alfonso that's the main
focus of this episode the main
perspective is Alfonso getting his
characterization that's pretty much what
this episode is it honestly I think this
episode was needed because out of all
the episodes Alfonzo has kind of been
thrown to the backburner since like
episode 1 and personally I've actually
forgotten about him quite a few times
through the course of this series and
when I can forget about one of the main
stories key characters that's not good
so I'm glad this episode took the time
to actually introduce Alfonso his
determination his motive his destiny
stuff like that that's exactly what this
episode was meant for and he did a
proper job of introducing his
personality to all of us of course we
got some personality bits a couple
episodes back but I mean we don't still
know much about him and with this
episode we finally kind of understand a
little bit how he is and where his
standpoint is in terms of power up
against Leon Herman and how he could
face against horror so overall the
episode didn't show up properly and I
was entertained so let's get into the
gritty details the details of this
episode pretty much the main focus like
I said you had it to where Alfonso was
learning the past history of his like
mother how his mother did not know she
was a descended from the muck on nights
the golden armor she did not realize
that and she had her entire background
and turned into aristocrat without
knowing for instance so personally a
very interesting way to tell us the
backstory of you know Alfonso because
the mother that the actual Queen of the
kingdom watched her own sister burned at
the stake years ago Leon's mother so
that's actually pretty up if you
think about because the Queen watch her
own sister burn without even realizing
it oh my god that's that's pretty
up it really is and with this it shows
us that Leon and Alfonso or actually
blood related to some form extent are
like
so yeah well we see the connection here
and we technically have our 3 mark I
golden armor nights we have you know
Leon we have Herman and we have Alfonzo
now this other dude that came up in this
episode he was the bulk I night defender
or the night of defending or something
that's exactly what his title was I
don't really know his name at the moment
he'll take me a couple episodes who
actually fully learn his name but the
dude is a badass I'm just saying he is a
badass with this episode he was just
kicking in face with that horror that
like slimy protests log horror I was
trying to eat the woman and child I that
was a pretty yeah top scene like that
the creature looks something you would
see out of like spirited away if
anyone's ever seen that movie that's
exactly what that creature a lot of me
of like something out of that series and
I was just like holy hell there's
something that you would see getting in
a hot tub and your strata you know wash
it's dirty filth off like an office
where it away anyways besides that tire
bit this episode pretty slow it wasn't
nothing bad it wasn't a bad episode it
was just a slow episode to introduce
I'll fall into that's what it was we get
to find out a little bit more about
Mendoza like what his entire plan says
he's trying to war in the prints to come
in and try to save his mother and he's
gonna kill Alfonso that's exactly what
he's thinking at the moment so that's
pretty much all that happened in this
week's episode I mean there's a couple
other bits that happened but it seems
like you know Alfonso needs to train to
be able to fight horrors because dude
the United offending or whatever dude
that sore did you see that like
he held it out his arm is held out for
like 15 seconds alphonse it tries to
grab and it just goes straight for
freaking stone and all that I'm like big
how heavy is I mean I think
about this for a second how heavy must a
sword be realistically let's think about
this realistically in all real life how
heavy must have soared be if you were to
actually drop it any break straight free
solid stone how heavy must that
be is that like a ton if anyone knows
please let me know if it's a dude
that's heavy do even bright
freestone so yeah overall wonderful
episode I would give it a seven or 7.5
out of 10 nothing too bad nothing too
good is just a decent episode for
characterization so tell me your
thoughts in the comments
hello I love y'all so much you have a
wonderful day or night to wherever you
live please be safe GBL